src/main/docs/guide/supportedApi.adoc, before:

As of this writing Micronaut JAX-RS supports the annotations and types defined within the `jakarta.ws.rs` package and the `jakarta.ws.rs.core` subpackage only.

All interfaces, annotations and types contained within the following packages are not supported:

* `jakarta.ws.rs.client`
* `jakarta.ws.rs.container`
* `jakarta.ws.rs.ext`

==== Supported Annotations

Micronaut JAX-RS works by converting (at compilation time) a JAX-RS annotation definition into the equivalent Micronaut version.

.Supported JAX-RS Annotations
|===
|JAX-RS Annotation|Target Annotation|Example

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/Path.html[@Path]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/Controller.html[@Controller]
|`@Path("/foo")` // on type

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/Path.html[@Path]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/UriMapping.html[@UriMapping]
|`@Path("/foo")` // on method

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/HttpMethod.html[@HttpMethod]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/HttpMethodMapping.html[@HttpMethodMapping]
|`@HttpMethod("TRACE")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/GET.html[@GET]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/Get.html[@Get]
|`@GET @Path("/foo/bar")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/POST.html[@POST]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/Post.html[@Post]
|`@POST @Path("/foo/bar")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/DELETE.html[@DELETE]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/Delete.html[@Delete]
|`@DELETE @Path("/foo/bar")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/OPTIONS.html[@OPTIONS]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/Options.html[@Options]
|`@OPTIONS @Path("/foo/bar")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/HEAD.html[@HEAD]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/Head.html[@Head]
|`@HEAD @Path("/foo/bar")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/Consumes.html[@Consumes]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/Consumes.html[@Consumes]
|`@Consumes("application/json")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/Produces.html[@Produces]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/Produces.html[@Produces]
|`@Produces("application/json")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/PathParam.html[@PathParam]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/PathVariable.html[@PathVariable]
|`@PathParam("foo")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/CookieParam.html[@CookieParam]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/CookieValue.html[@CookieValue]
|`@CookieParam("myCookie")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/HeaderParam.html[@HeaderParam]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/Header.html[@Header]
|`@HeaderParam("Content-Type")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/QueryParam.html[@QueryParam]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/QueryValue.html[@QueryValue]
|`@QueryParam("myParam")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/DefaultValue.html[@DefaultValue]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/Bindable.html[@Bindable(defaultValue="..")]
|`@DefaultValue("example")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/core/Context.html[@Context]
|No equivalent. Injects a bean in to a parameter.
|`@Context`

|===

==== Injectable Parameter Types

In addition to the supported JAX-RS annotations you can use the following JAX-RS types as parameter types to resources or client definitions:

* link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/HttpHeaders.html[jakarta.ws.rs.core.HttpHeaders]
* link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/CacheControl.html[jakarta.ws.rs.core.CacheControl]
* link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/Cookie.html[jakarta.ws.rs.core.Cookie]
* link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/EntityTag.html[jakarta.ws.rs.core.EntityTag]
* link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/Link.html[jakarta.ws.rs.core.Link]
* link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/MediaType.html[jakarta.ws.rs.core.MediaType]
* link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/SecurityContext.html[jakarta.ws.rs.core.SecurityContext]

You can also use the link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/Context.html[@Context] annotation to inject any bean into a resource type's method parameter.

NOTE: Parameter binding to constructor argument of resource types is not supported at this time.

==== SecurityContext and Micronaut Security

When injecting the link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/SecurityContext.html[SecurityContext] by default the injected instance is not aware of https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-security/latest/guide/[Micronaut Security] and methods like `isUserInRole` always return `false`.

To integrate the JAX-RS support with Micronaut Security add the following dependency:

dependency:micronaut-jaxrs-server-security[scope="implementation", groupId="io.micronaut.jaxrs"]

With the above dependency in place the `SecurityContext.isUserInRole` method will return `true` if the role is found within Micronaut Security's https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-security/latest/api/io/micronaut/security/authentication/Authentication.html#getRoles--[Authentication.getRoles()] method. See https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-security/latest/guide/#retrievingAuthenticatedUser[Retrieving the authenticated user] for more information.

==== Supported Return Types

You can also use the following return types from the JAX-RS API in your resource classes:

* link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/Response.html[jakarta.ws.rs.core.Response]
* link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/StreamingOutput.html[jakarta.ws.rs.core.StreamingOutput]

Commit message:

feat: RequestScope bean implementing JAX-RS ResourceInfo (#348)

src/main/docs/guide/supportedApi.adoc, after:

As of this writing Micronaut JAX-RS supports the annotations and types defined within the `jakarta.ws.rs` package and the `jakarta.ws.rs.core` subpackage only.

All interfaces, annotations and types contained within the following packages are not supported:

* `jakarta.ws.rs.client`
* `jakarta.ws.rs.container`
* `jakarta.ws.rs.ext`

==== Supported Annotations

Micronaut JAX-RS works by converting (at compilation time) a JAX-RS annotation definition into the equivalent Micronaut version.

.Supported JAX-RS Annotations
|===
|JAX-RS Annotation|Target Annotation|Example

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/Path.html[@Path]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/Controller.html[@Controller]
|`@Path("/foo")` // on type

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/Path.html[@Path]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/UriMapping.html[@UriMapping]
|`@Path("/foo")` // on method

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/HttpMethod.html[@HttpMethod]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/HttpMethodMapping.html[@HttpMethodMapping]
|`@HttpMethod("TRACE")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/GET.html[@GET]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/Get.html[@Get]
|`@GET @Path("/foo/bar")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/POST.html[@POST]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/Post.html[@Post]
|`@POST @Path("/foo/bar")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/DELETE.html[@DELETE]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/Delete.html[@Delete]
|`@DELETE @Path("/foo/bar")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/OPTIONS.html[@OPTIONS]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/Options.html[@Options]
|`@OPTIONS @Path("/foo/bar")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/HEAD.html[@HEAD]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/Head.html[@Head]
|`@HEAD @Path("/foo/bar")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/Consumes.html[@Consumes]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/Consumes.html[@Consumes]
|`@Consumes("application/json")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/Produces.html[@Produces]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/Produces.html[@Produces]
|`@Produces("application/json")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/PathParam.html[@PathParam]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/PathVariable.html[@PathVariable]
|`@PathParam("foo")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/CookieParam.html[@CookieParam]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/CookieValue.html[@CookieValue]
|`@CookieParam("myCookie")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/HeaderParam.html[@HeaderParam]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/Header.html[@Header]
|`@HeaderParam("Content-Type")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/QueryParam.html[@QueryParam]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/QueryValue.html[@QueryValue]
|`@QueryParam("myParam")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/DefaultValue.html[@DefaultValue]
|link:{micronautapi}http/annotation/Bindable.html[@Bindable(defaultValue="..")]
|`@DefaultValue("example")`

|link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/core/Context.html[@Context]
|No equivalent. Injects a bean in to a parameter.
|`@Context`

|===

==== Injectable Parameter Types

In addition to the supported JAX-RS annotations you can use the following JAX-RS types as parameter types to resources or client definitions:

* link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/HttpHeaders.html[jakarta.ws.rs.core.HttpHeaders]
* link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/CacheControl.html[jakarta.ws.rs.core.CacheControl]
* link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/Cookie.html[jakarta.ws.rs.core.Cookie]
* link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/EntityTag.html[jakarta.ws.rs.core.EntityTag]
* link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/Link.html[jakarta.ws.rs.core.Link]
* link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/MediaType.html[jakarta.ws.rs.core.MediaType]
* link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/SecurityContext.html[jakarta.ws.rs.core.SecurityContext]

You can also use the link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/Context.html[@Context] annotation to inject any bean into a resource type's method parameter.

NOTE: Parameter binding to constructor argument of resource types is not supported at this time.

==== ResourceInfo

link:{jaxrsapi}jakarta/ws/rs/container/ResourceInfo.html[ResourceInfo] is a JAX-RS context which can be injected to check which resource class and method are about to be invoked.
This is supported in the micronaut-jaxrs module via the link:{micronautapi}runtime/http/scope/RequestScope.html[`@RequestScope`] bean link:{api}/io/micronaut/jaxrs/runtime/core/JaxRsResourceInfo.html[`JaxRsResourceInfo`].

See the https://guides.micronaut.io/latest/micronaut-scope-types.html[Scope type guide] for more information on using RequestScope beans.

==== SecurityContext and Micronaut Security

When injecting the link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/SecurityContext.html[SecurityContext] by default the injected instance is not aware of https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-security/latest/guide/[Micronaut Security] and methods like `isUserInRole` always return `false`.

To integrate the JAX-RS support with Micronaut Security add the following dependency:

dependency:micronaut-jaxrs-server-security[scope="implementation", groupId="io.micronaut.jaxrs"]

With the above dependency in place the `SecurityContext.isUserInRole` method will return `true` if the role is found within Micronaut Security's https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-security/latest/api/io/micronaut/security/authentication/Authentication.html#getRoles--[Authentication.getRoles()] method. See https://micronaut-projects.github.io/micronaut-security/latest/guide/#retrievingAuthenticatedUser[Retrieving the authenticated user] for more information.

==== Supported Return Types

You can also use the following return types from the JAX-RS API in your resource classes:

* link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/Response.html[jakarta.ws.rs.core.Response]
* link:{jaxrsapi}/jakarta/ws/rs/core/StreamingOutput.html[jakarta.ws.rs.core.StreamingOutput]
