# Uncomment for faster tests
#ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.client.asyncinvoker.JAXRSClientIT

# Support returning nulls
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.returntype.JAXRSClientIT

# Why multivaluedmap of headers should accept nulls???
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.multivaluedmap.JAXRSClientIT

# Not supported params in constructors
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resourceconstructor.JAXRSClientIT

# Multiple entity types we don't support
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.provider.standardnotnull.JAXRSClientIT

# Interceptors
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.filter.interceptor.JAXRSClientIT

# Security
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.container.requestcontext.security.JAXRSClientIT

# Named interceptors
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.filter.namebinding.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.context.server.JAXRSClientIT

ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.jaxrs21.spec.classsubresourcelocator.JAXRSClientIT

# Container interceptors
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.filter.exception.JAXRSClientIT

# Body writers / readers priority with produces
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.servlet3.rs.ext.paramconverter.autodiscovery.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.beanparam.plain.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.client.typedentitieswithxmlbinding.JAXRSClientIT

# Internal (standard) writers / readers should have a priority
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.provider.standardhaspriority.JAXRSClientIT

# Support @ConstrainedTo(value = RuntimeType.SERVER)
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.constrainedto.JAXRSClientIT

ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.filter.globalbinding.JAXRSClientIT

# Dynamic features not supported
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.filter.dynamicfeature.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.jaxrs31.spec.extensions.JAXRSClientIT

# UriBuilder
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.client.invocations.JAXRSClientIT

# Closed client
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.client.client.JAXRSClientIT

ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.sebootstrap.SeBootstrapIT

# RX Invoker
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.jaxrs21.api.client.invocationbuilder.JAXRSClientIT

# Use set ExecutorService for the client
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.jaxrs21.ee.client.executor.rx.JAXRSClientIT

# Configuration
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.configuration.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.configurable.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.client.clientbuilder.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.client.instance.JAXRSClientIT

# Field injection in providers
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.context.client.JAXRSClientIT

# Unsupported SSE
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.jaxrs21.ee.sse.sseeventsink.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.jaxrs21.ee.sse.sseeventsource.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.jaxrs21.ee.sse.ssebroadcaster.JAXRSClientIT

# Url builder
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.client.webtarget.JAXRSClientIT

# Arquillian issue
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.client.exceptions.ClientExceptionsIT

# Builder
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.link.JAXRSClientIT#fromResourceMethodLinkUsedInInvocationTest

# Support catching exceptions from body writer
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.servlet3.rs.core.streamingoutput.JAXRSClientIT#writeWebApplicationExceptionTest

# Incorrect tests include milliseconds
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responsebuilder.BuilderClientIT#getDateTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responsebuilder.BuilderClientIT#getLastModifiedTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responseclient.JAXRSClientIT#getDateTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responseclient.JAXRSClientIT#getLastModifiedTest

# Netty Client strips custom Content-Encoding header
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.response.JAXRSClientIT#getHeaderStringTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.response.JAXRSClientIT#getHeadersTest

# Support returning null in controllers
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.response.JAXRSClientIT#readEntityClassAnnotationTest

# Builder doesn't include query value for tests
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.response.JAXRSClientIT#readEntityGenericTypeAnnotationIsNullWhenNoEntityTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.response.JAXRSClientIT#readEntityClassIsNullWhenNoEntityTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.response.JAXRSClientIT#statusTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.response.JAXRSClientIT#readEntityGenericIsNullWhenNoEntityTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.response.JAXRSClientIT#readEntityClassAnnotationIsNullWhenNoEntityTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.response.JAXRSClientIT#readEntityGenericTypeAnnotationTest

# Unsupported client configurations
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.configurable.JAXRSClientIT#registerObjectNotAssignableContractsInMapTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.configurable.JAXRSClientIT#registerClassBindingPriorityInMapTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.configurable.JAXRSClientIT#registerObjectNotAssignableContractsTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.configurable.JAXRSClientIT#registerClassNotAssignableContractsTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.configurable.JAXRSClientIT#registerObjectBindingPriorityInMapTest

# createVariantListBuilder
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.variantlistbuilder.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.ext.runtimedelegate.create.JAXRSClientIT#checkCreatedVariantListBuilderTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.variant.JAXRSClientIT#encodingsTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.variant.JAXRSClientIT#languagesTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.variant.JAXRSClientIT#mediaTypesTest

# Builder
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.response.JAXRSClientIT#responseCreatedRelativeURITest

# createEndpoint() unsupported
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.ext.runtimedelegate.create.JAXRSClientIT#createEndpointThrowsIllegalArgumentExceptionTest

# TCK BUG Test assumes header `allow` with upper case
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#optionsOnSubResourceTest

# Sub resources
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.headerparam.sub.JAXRSSubClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.formparam.locator.JAXRSLocatorClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.formparam.sub.JAXRSSubClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.get.JAXRSClientIT#dynamicGetTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.get.JAXRSClientIT#recursiveResourceLocatorTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#consumesCorrectContentTypeOnResourceLocatorTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#producesCorrectContentTypeOnResourceLocatorTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#consumesOnSubResourceLocatorTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#l2SubResourceLocatorTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#producesOnResourceLocatorTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#producesCorrectContentTypeOnSubResourceLocatorTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#requestNotSupportedOnSubResourceLocatorTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#requestNotSupportedOnResourceLocatorTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#producesOnSubResourceLocatorTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#consumesCorrectContentTypeOnSubResourceLocatorTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#foundAnotherResourceLocatorByPathTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#consumesOnResourceLocatorTest

# Receive MultivaluedMap as a form body
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.provider.standardwithjaxrsclient.JAXRSClientIT#mapElementProviderTest

# Missing UrlBuilder methods
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.client.webtarget.JAXRSClientIT#imutableWithRespectToUriQueryResolveTemplateTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.client.webtarget.JAXRSClientIT#imutableWithRespectToUriMatrixPathTest

# Fake response 1 to String incorrectly converts
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.client.clientrequestcontext.JAXRSClientIT#getPropertyNamesIsImmutableTest

# Investigate
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.ext.providers.JAXRSProvidersClientIT#writeIOExceptionUsingWriterTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.ext.providers.JAXRSProvidersClientIT#readEntityWebException400Test

# Test expect writers to be evaluated after the controller method. Micronaut resolve them before
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.provider.writer.JAXRSClientIT#responseSubClassTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.provider.writer.JAXRSClientIT#supportAllTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.provider.writer.JAXRSClientIT#supportXmlByXmlWriterTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.provider.writer.JAXRSClientIT#supportXmlByDefaultWriterTest

# Allow return nothing in controllers
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.container.responsecontext.JAXRSClientIT#containsHeaderStringTest

# Filter abortWith doesn't trigger interceptors...
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.ext.interceptor.reader.interceptorcontext.JAXRSClientIT#setTypeTest

# Not supported to access / replace OutputStream in ContainerResponseContext
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.container.responsecontext.JAXRSClientIT#setEntityStreamTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.container.responsecontext.JAXRSClientIT#getEntityStreamTest

# Not supported to change the method in ClientRequestContext
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.client.clientrequestcontext.JAXRSClientIT#setMethodTest

# Not supported to access / replace OutputStream in ClientRequestContext
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.client.clientrequestcontext.JAXRSClientIT#getEntityStreamTest

# Enable after https:#github.com/micronaut-projects/micronaut-core/pull/10984
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.ext.interceptor.clientwriter.interceptorcontext.JAXRSClientIT#getAnnotationsTest

# Unsupported writers / readers
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.client.typedentities.JAXRSClientIT#clientSourceWriterTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.client.typedentities.JAXRSClientIT#clientSourceReaderTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.client.typedentities.JAXRSClientIT#clientDataSourceWriterTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.client.typedentities.JAXRSClientIT#clientFileWriterTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.client.typedentities.JAXRSClientIT#clientDataSourceReaderTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.client.typedentities.JAXRSClientIT#clientFileReaderTest

# Cannot plug interceptors to Micronaut controller body reader / writer
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.filter.lastvalue.JAXRSClientIT#writerContextOnClientTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.filter.lastvalue.JAXRSClientIT#readerContextOnContainerTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.ext.interceptor.containerreader.interceptorcontext.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.ext.interceptor.containerwriter.writerinterceptorcontext.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.ext.interceptor.containerreader.readerinterceptorcontext.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.ext.interceptor.containerwriter.interceptorcontext.JAXRSClientIT

# Support MultivaluedMap as a form body in controllers
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.client.typedentities.JAXRSClientIT#clientMultivaluedMapReaderTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.client.typedentities.JAXRSClientIT#clientStreamingOutputWriterTest

# HttpServletRequest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.container.requestcontext.JAXRSClientIT

# TCK BUG Micronaut return more annotations
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.container.responsecontext.JAXRSClientIT#getEntityAnnotationsWhenAnnotationsOnEntityTest

# Client body readers / writers with @Context annotations
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.provider.visibility.JAXRSClientIT#bodyReaderTest

# synthesizeAll annotations class doesn't match
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.ext.providers.JAXRSProvidersClientIT#readEntityFromBodyTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.ext.providers.JAXRSProvidersClientIT#readEntityFromHeaderTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.ext.providers.JAXRSProvidersClientIT#readEntityIOExceptionTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.ext.providers.JAXRSProvidersClientIT#readEntityWebException410Test

# Writer is expecting annotations from the controller method
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.ext.providers.JAXRSProvidersClientIT#writeBodyEntityUsingWriterTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.ext.providers.JAXRSProvidersClientIT#writeHeaderEntityUsingWriterTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.provider.overridestandard.JAXRSClientIT

# TCK BUG @Path without a HTTP method annotation it's only allowed because of the subresource support
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.resource.webappexception.mapper.JAXRSClientIT#webApplicationExceptionHasResponseWithoutEntityDoesUseMapperTest

# Exception mapper needs to support @Context injection
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.provider.visibility.JAXRSClientIT#exceptionMapperTest

# Support catching and remapping all bad responses
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#slashWrongUriTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#requestNotSupportedOnResourceTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#producesOnResourceTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#requestNotSupportedOnSubResourceTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#locatorNameTooLongTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#methodNotFoundTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#consumesOnResourceTest

# Get context
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.ext.providers.JAXRSProvidersClientIT#isRegisteredAppJsonContextResolverTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.ext.providers.JAXRSProvidersClientIT#isRegisteredTextPlainContextResolverTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.provider.visibility.JAXRSClientIT#contextResolverTest

# Relative Url builder
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.link.JAXRSClientIT#fromMethodTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.link.JAXRSClientIT#fromResourceTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.link.JAXRSClientIT#fromResourceWithMediaTypeTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.uribuilder.UriBuilderIT#emptyUriBuilderBuildsEmptyUri
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#fragmentTest1
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#queryParamTest4
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#queryParamTest5
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#fromPathTest1
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#cloneTest1
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.uribuilder.UriBuilderIT#shouldBuildValidInstanceFromScratch

# UriBuilder exceptions
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.uribuilder.UriBuilderIT#shouldThrowUriBuilderExceptionOnSchemeOnlyUri
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#hostTest2

# TCK BUG missing method annotation
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.resource.webappexception.mapper.JAXRSClientIT#webApplicationExceptionHasResponseWithEntityDoesNotUseMapperTest

# matching weirdness
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#locatorNameTooLongAgainTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#consumesOverridesDescendantSubResourcePathValueTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#slashUriTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#descendantResourcePathValueTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#producesOverridesDescendantSubResourcePathValuePostTest

# uri template
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.link.JAXRSClientIT#fromPathWithUriTemplateParamsTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.linkbuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildRelativizedThrowsIAEWhenNotSuppliedValuesTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.linkbuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildObjectsTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.linkbuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildRelativizedThrowsIAEWhenSuppliedJustOneValueOutOfThreeTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.linkbuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildRelativizedThrowsIAEWhenSuppliedValueIsNullTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.linkbuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildThrowsIAEWhenSuppliedJustOneValueOutOfThreeTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.uribuilder.UriBuilderIT#shouldThrowIllegalArgumentExceptionForUnresolvedTemplates
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplateStringObjectBooleanSlashNotEncodedTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplatesMapThrowsIAEOnNullNameTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplatesMapBooleanSlashNotEncodedTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildObjectsBooleanThrowsIAEWhenNoValueSuppliedTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplateFromEncodedPercentEncodedTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplatesFromEncodedPercentEncodedTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplatesMapThrowsIAEOnNullValueTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplateStringObjectBooleanThrowsIAEOnNullValueTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplateStringObjectBooleanSlashEncodedTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildTest1
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildTest2
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplateStringObjectThrowsIAEOnNullValueTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplatesMapBooleanThrowsIAEOnNullNameTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#templateTest1
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#templateTest2
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplateFromEncodedThrowsNullOnNullValueTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplateFromEncodedThrowsNullOnNullNameTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplatesMapBooleanThrowsIAEOnNullMapTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplatesFromEncodedTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplatesFromEncodedThrowsNullOnNullValueTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplatesFromEncodedThrowsNullOnNullNameTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildObjectsBooleanEncodedTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplatesFromEncodedThrowsNullOnNullMapTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplatesMapBooleanSlashEncodedTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplatesMapBooleanThrowsIAEOnNullValueTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplateStringObjectTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplateStringObjectThrowsIAEOnNullNameTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#fromEncodedTest1
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#fromEncodedTest2
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#fromEncodedTest3
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildObjectsBooleanNotEncodedTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplateFromEncodedTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildObjectsBooleanThrowsIAEWhenValueIsNullTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplateStringObjectBooleanThrowsIAEOnNullNameTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#resolveTemplatesMapTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#toTemplateTest

# cookies do not contain version=1
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responsebuilder.BuilderClientIT#cookieTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responsebuilder.BuilderClientIT#getCookiesTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responseclient.JAXRSClientIT#cookieTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responseclient.JAXRSClientIT#getCookiesTest

# duplicate ETAG (should be relatively easy)
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responsebuilder.BuilderClientIT#tagTest2
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responseclient.JAXRSClientIT#tagTest2

# UriBuilder scheme specific part
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.linkbuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildObjectsThrowsUriBuilderExceptionTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.linkbuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildNoArgsThrowsUriBuilderExceptionTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.linkbuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildRelativizedThrowsUriBuilderExceptionTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#uriStringTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#schemeSpecificPartTest1
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#schemeSpecificPartTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#fromUriTest3
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#fromUriTest4
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#uriTest

# replaceQuery with string
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#replaceQueryTest1
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#replaceQueryTest2
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#replaceQueryTest3

# UriBuilder matrixParam
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#replaceMatrixParamTest1
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#replaceMatrixParamTest2
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#replaceMatrixParamTest3
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#replaceMatrixTest1
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#replaceMatrixTest2
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#replaceMatrixTest3
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#matrixParamTest1
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#matrixParamTest2
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#matrixParamTest3
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#replaceMatrixParamTest4

#UriBuilder encoding behavior
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#replaceQueryParamTest3
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildFromMapTest1
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildFromMapTest2
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildFromMapTest5
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildFromMapWithBooleanSlashNotEncodedTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#pathTest0
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#pathTest2
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#segmentTest2
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#segmentTest3
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#pathTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildFromEncodedMapTest1
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildFromEncodedMapTest2
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildFromEncodedMapTest3
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildFromEncodedMapTest4
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildFromEncodedMapTest5
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildFromMapWithBooleanSlashEncodedTest

# missing template variable
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildFromMapWithBooleanThrowsIAEWhenNoSuppliedValueTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#buildFromMapTest4

# GenericEntity serializer
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responsebuilder.BuilderClientIT#acceptedGenericEntityTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responseclient.JAXRSClientIT#acceptedGenericEntityTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.resource.java2entity.JAXRSClientIT#genericEntityTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.resource.java2entity.JAXRSClientIT#responseGenericEntityTest

# Encoder for */*
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.resource.java2entity.JAXRSClientIT#directClassTypeTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.resource.java2entity.JAXRSClientIT#responseDirectClassTypeTest

# media type behavior
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.responsemediatype.JAXRSClientIT#clientAnyPreferenceTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.responsemediatype.JAXRSClientIT#textPreferenceTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.responsemediatype.JAXRSClientIT#defaultResponseErrorTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.responsemediatype.JAXRSClientIT#clientImagePreferenceTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.responsemediatype.JAXRSClientIT#defaultErrorTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#qualityOfSourceOnDifferentMediaTypesTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#concreteOverStarWhenAcceptStarTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.requestmatching.JAXRSClientIT#producesOverridesDescendantSubResourcePathValueWeightTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.responsemediatype.JAXRSClientIT#noPreferenceTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.responsemediatype.JAXRSClientIT#imagePreferenceTest

# UriInfo unsupported methods
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.uriinfo.JAXRSClientIT#getMatchedURIsTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.uriinfo.JAXRSClientIT#getMatchedURIsTest1
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.uriinfo.JAXRSClientIT#getMatchedURIsTest2
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.uriinfo.JAXRSClientIT#getMatchedResourcesTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.uriinfo.JAXRSClientIT#requestURITest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.uriinfo.JAXRSClientIT#aPathTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.uriinfo.JAXRSClientIT#baseUriTest

# StringBean
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.provider.sort.JAXRSClientIT#contentTypeTextXmlGotTextWildCardTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.provider.sort.JAXRSClientIT#contentTypeTextHmtlGotTextWildCardTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.provider.sort.JAXRSClientIT#contentTypeApplicationGotWildCardTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.provider.sort.JAXRSClientIT#contentTypeTextPlainGotTextPlainTest

# routing issues
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.template.JAXRSClientIT#Test1
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.template.JAXRSClientIT#Test2

# Arquillian issue but test is likely broken anyway because we don't use jsonb
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.contextprovider.JsonbContextProviderIT

# remove query params
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.uribuilder.JAXRSClientIT#replaceQueryParamTest2

# param converters
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.jaxrs21.ee.priority.JAXRSClientIT#paramConverterPriorityTest

# path param issues
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.jaxrs40.ee.rs.core.uriinfo.UriInfo40ClientIT

# @Encoded
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.formparam.JAXRSClientIT

# security context test issues, probably just need a harness fix
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.securitycontext.basic.JAXRSBasicClientIT

# @Context on route method parameter
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.core.request.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.responsemediatype.JAXRSClientIT#clientHtmlXmlPreferenceTest

# Content type in HEAD response, our behavior is fine
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.responsemediatype.JAXRSClientIT#classProducesTest

# VariantListBuilder
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responsebuilder.BuilderClientIT#okTest5
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responsebuilder.BuilderClientIT#fromResponseTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responsebuilder.BuilderClientIT#notAcceptableTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responsebuilder.BuilderClientIT#variantsTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responsebuilder.BuilderClientIT#variantTest

# VariantListBuilder
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responseclient.JAXRSClientIT#okTest5
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responseclient.JAXRSClientIT#fromResponseTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responseclient.JAXRSClientIT#notAcceptableTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responseclient.JAXRSClientIT#variantsTest
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.api.rs.core.responseclient.JAXRSClientIT#variantTest

# JAXB
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.provider.standardwithxmlbinding.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.provider.jaxbcontext.JAXRSClientIT

# request-scoped bean fields
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.headerparam.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.locator.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.pathparam.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.cookieparam.sub.JAXRSSubClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.queryparam.sub.JAXRSSubClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.provider.standard.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.pathparam.sub.JAXRSSubClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.cookieparam.locator.JAXRSLocatorClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.pathparam.locator.JAXRSLocatorClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.headerparam.locator.JAXRSLocatorClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.queryparam.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.cookieparam.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.provider.reader.JAXRSClientIT

# MatrixParam
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.annotationprecedence.subclass.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.matrixparam.locator.JAXRSLocatorClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.spec.resource.valueofandfromstring.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.matrixparam.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.matrixparam.sub.JAXRSSubClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.ext.paramconverter.JAXRSClientIT

# BeanParam
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.beanparam.cookie.plain.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.beanparam.path.plain.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.beanparam.header.plain.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.beanparam.query.plain.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.beanparam.matrix.plain.JAXRSClientIT
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.ee.rs.beanparam.form.plain.JAXRSClientIT

# API.Status.STABLE compilation issue
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.jaxrs31.ee.multipart.MultipartSupportIT

# TDK missing
ee.jakarta.tck.ws.rs.signaturetest.jaxrs.JAXRSSigTestIT
